Did you find it?
People disappear here
Are the gold medal killers in the Four Seasons Building all trash?
The head of the Li family can rest assured
Since my Four Seasons Building has accepted the business of the Li family
It will be successfully completed
Keep searching for me yes
We're safe for now.
But how to escape in a while?
Now the driver is in the old river and the book mountain.
Looking for us in the woods
We need to find a safe place
I wronged you two this time
To get you involved in battles that are not yours
You and Xiaoqian are my good friends.
How can I bear to watch you being bullied by others?
I like to owe people favors
Just go. Go
Oh look
There's a cave
Go and have a look
Wow, this cave has a cover
That's fine.
Li Shushan and the others are definitely not easy to find
Be careful with your feet
Uh-huh.
Are you all right?
Look at that.
What is this?